Some clarifications about depexts (#4671)
ocaml/opam: doc/pages/Manual.md

  considered incompatible. This is useful to define sets of mutually conflicting
  packages.

- <a id="opamfield-depexts"> `depexts: [ [ <string> ... ] { <filter> } ... ]`</a>:
  the package external dependencies. This field is used to describe the
  dependencies of the package toward packages external to the <span
  class="opam">opam</span> ecosystem; <span class="opam">opam</span> will then
  use its knowledge of the system package manager to determine the availability
  of the package, and install these external dependencies on the system as

>   pre-requirements of the package, asking the user for administrator rights if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  prerequisites of the package, asking the user for administrator rights if
```
